Use go1.18 in CI, and fix up Docker image (#6002)
letsencrypt/boulder: test/boulder-tools/README.md

things we separate all of Boulder's build dependencies into its own
`boulder-tools` Docker image.

## Setup

To build boulder-tools images, you'll need a Docker set up to do cross-platform

> builds (we build for both amd64 and arm64 so developers with M1 Macs can use

Reviewer: To make sure this ages well when the M2 ships in 2023.
```suggestion
builds (we build for both amd64 and arm64 so developers with Apple silicon can use
```
